---
title: Field Tags
taxonomy:
    category: docs
---

When using the stand-alone fieldtype you have access to a variety of variables containing information about your video that you can use to create your own embed tag or just display extra information about the videos. These variables are:

## ```{field_name}```

> This will give you the full iframe embed code.

## ```{field_name:id}```

> The video ID.

## ```{field_name:url}```

> The full URL to the video.

## ```{field_name:description}```

> The video description.

## ```{field_name:width}```

> The width of the video as chosen in the publish entry page.

## ```{field_name:height}```

> The height of the video as chosen in the publish entry page.

## ```{field_name:author}```

> The author of the video, or user who posted the video..

## ```{field_name:length}```

> The total length of the video.

## ```{field_name:type}```

> The type of video, either youtube or vimeo.

## ```{field_name:thumbnail_small}```

> A small thumbnail generated by the video service.

## ```{field_name:thumbnail_large}```

> A large thumbnail generated by the video service.

# Low Variables Support
Reel supports Low Variables, but due to how Reel saves its data you must use the Low Variables parse tags. You can read about those tags from Low’s site.

Here are a couple of examples though:

```{exp:low_variables:parse var=“lv_var_name”}``` Will return the entire embed tag for the video.

<code>{exp:low_variables:parse var=“lv_var_name” attribute=“url”}</code> Will return just the URL for the video so you can embed it however you want. All the attributes listed above in the variables list are available. (The attributes are the values after the colon)

You can also access all the attributes individually through the pair tag.

<code>
{exp:low_variables:pair var=“lv_var_name”}
    {embed}
    {description}
    {url}
{/exp:low_variables:pair}
</code>

When used inside of Matrix you will need to prefix each attribute with the Matrix column name. In this example “video” is the short name for the Matrix column.

{exp:low_variables:pair var=“lv_var_name”}
    <iframe src=”{video:url}” width=”{video:width}” height=”{video:height}” border=“0”></iframe>
{/exp:low_variables:pair}